hello and welcome and Merry Christmas to
you all and today we're going to do
something which is very sweet and it's
called Christmas sweets how sweet is
that I'm going to do something which is
a famous and very popular sweet which is
done in each and every house during this
time of the year and I just remember one
thing when I was a kid and my mom should
call me from you know from my playtime
and say do this work and I should think
why why but today I'm going to do it
from the start to the end we will be
doing Christmas skull curls if you want
to know more stay pure
so to make our Christmas calkins we
require the specific ingredients which
is not proportioned to any serving
portion it is for a family so I have 1
and 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
melted butter about 1/4 cup and a 1 in
quarter cup of sugar combined in one pot
1/8 pinch of salt we have about 2 to 3
teaspoons of vanilla powder and 1/8 cup
of water and we have adequate amount of
oil for frying to make our Christmas
carols
we will start by first
adding salt
I will add a little bit of the vanilla
powder and finally the butter and the
sugar mixture okay so now we are going
to making the door to make a Cal Cal is
the most simplest thing you can actually
do you know make sugar butter for large
so we are trying to achieve this
consistency is like the sand effect
consistency now I'll just add my water
because the time
this is a mechanical dough how it's
supposed to be looking like now because
I have worked it with it so much I'm
going to leave it a rest for 15 and 20
minutes so welcome back our dough has
been resting for the last 15 to 20
minutes and it's time to make our
conference so before I do that I'm just
going to get the oil heated in the
meantime when we get our cultures ready
okay take a piece of Calca as small as
this or you could say you in like a
pea-sized roll it around your hand you
don't need any oil because it's got
enough of butter place it at the bottom
of your wok press it down and just roll
that back remember to get the ends tight
otherwise it will open while frying
voila
we're coming this is my last Cal Cal
that I'm rolled out and we are ready to
fry
okay so I think they've taken close to
about 30 to 40 seconds together becomes
this color so we're looking at something
it's a golden brown and remember that
they still continue to cook even after
you remove them from the oil so they
will continue cook maybe of 10 minutes
they will become nice and crunchy from
the outside and remain that softness
from inside so this is how it looks
Christmas skull curls made right at home
now ready to serve wasn't it easy if you
have enjoyed watching this recipe
subscribe to India Food Network share
with your friends and family and send in
your views I will revert as soon as
possible
crumb sugar may and India Food Network
wishes you all Happy Holidays
thank you
we've got loads more for you so
subscribe to this channel and ping us at
food at big network dot in to tell us
what you would like to see you